iPhone: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey. Hi, how are you
iPhone: Good. How are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
iPhone: I'm doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. So, this won't take very long. I just have we're going to complete your bio psychosocial and it's only going to take probably about 30 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I just asked you a bunch of questions and you give me as much information in each area that you possibly can and then we'll be done.
iPhone: Okay. Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the first question is, what brings you to treatment and why now.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: I was abusing opiates for
iPhone: Good probably
iPhone: I mean it's, I would say, like, it's like I was truly a
iPhone: Fully addicted abusing opiates for probably three or four years but been doing them for seven years and
iPhone: And then I started using heroin. I'm
iPhone: In the, in the last phase of my addiction. I started using heroin, probably about seven months prior, and I'm
iPhone: Like
iPhone: My life felt I felt like I was at a point where I just
iPhone: I didn't care. Once I once I finally gave in and decided to use heroin, because I couldn't find opiates that, you know, clean or whatever be called Clean from the doctor, you know, from like
iPhone: Pills. I once I made that decision. I feel like I kind of just gave up. I felt like my life was good. Nothing good was going to happen for me that it's, there's just no point. And why not just and so I was doing that for a long time and then
iPhone: My mother finally confronted me about
iPhone: You know, just like what's going on with you and she was severely, severely shocked. She told me she did not expect that was that was what was going on.
iPhone: And as this. Secondly, this at the same time, we had that confrontation and I just told it you know I'm ready, I'm ready to go to rehab, you know, let's
iPhone: Let's figure this out. And so I went to rehab in November 26 and
iPhone: Yeah, I am so thankful for.
iPhone: Giving another chance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long were you in rehab.
iPhone: I was in rehab for almost a month.
iPhone: Insurance companies these days.
iPhone: They like to, you know,
iPhone: Like to, you know, get them through the in and out the door as quickly as possible. These days it seems like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're right, very much.
iPhone: But I was prepared for that. I watched as other people were sent away and I prepare myself for that. And I decided I was going to eat every second of every day I was there to to strengthen my coping skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we have did you go to
iPhone: FaceTime or him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that the first time that you've ever been in treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, any mental health treatment.
iPhone: Um, Yes, I saw when I was about
iPhone: 15 I think I saw my first therapist, and then also went to a psychologist for
iPhone: Just for anxiety. I'm
iPhone: A little bit depression in
iPhone: A add but um yeah
iPhone: Like mainly mainly anxiety. So I saw my psychologist was 15 and and and insomnia, that was a problem too. And then, so I saw him for like three years, three and a half years. And then he decided to work at a institution, instead of private practice so
iPhone: That was kind of it after that. And before before he had left I had decided because I i was prescribed like Ambien for sleep, and I didn't want to take that anymore and
iPhone: Yeah, um,
iPhone: And then I saw one more therapist. When I was about 19 and but that that time was mainly more cuz it was 18 i think i was 18 and my. It was more of my parents, making me and I didn't really want to. I feel like I never really connected with that therapist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past
iPhone: Oh, sorry. I was gonna say, I just before before when we have this past year I've had a psychiatric practitioner who she like successfully. You know, like
iPhone: My priors like I just had diagnosed me to with PTSD, but so did she and she talked about my night terrors and seeing a psychiatric practitioner and she was helping me with my anxiety.
iPhone: With you know and I had
iPhone: I clonazepam which really helped with my anxiety only took it like I was I'm having a panic attack. But yeah, so that's my psychiatric history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past suicide attempts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no suicide thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, homicide that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know any past self harm.
iPhone: Um, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cutting, burning, that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay. Okay. What was the, what was the age of your first use of any substance and what was it of
iPhone: Any substance was um it was marijuana and I was 14 just about to turn 15
iPhone: And yeah, shortly after that was my first ever experience with
iPhone: hydrocodone but that was just kind of like if I got one experience and well it wasn't really know, but that was the and then shortly after us like magic podium, but then
iPhone: Yeah. And then, like, kind of like as that year went on, that's when I kind of figured out that, um, you know, my mom and my stepdad have giant 180 kilo bottles of this stuff imager or so. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's when you started
iPhone: That was, you know, I would take it recreationally it wasn't an addiction. It was recreational
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When was the worst time for you throughout your addiction. Yeah.
iPhone: Worst time throughout my addiction, um,
iPhone: Do you mean like hardest things I was going through my for I feel like I just like was out of control of my addiction.
iPhone: Yeah, that was towards the end of my addiction i mean i i was i wasn't injecting I'm about five times a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and that's right before you went to treatment.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, tell me about your family. This is going back a little bit. What was your, is your family unit like what was it growing up. Do you have any siblings did your parents say together throughout your whole life or do they divorce. So what a
iPhone: My mom and father or divorce before I was born.
iPhone: And so I thought it wasn't really in
iPhone: He wasn't there when I was born. He wasn't in the picture, until I was maybe about four or five
iPhone: I think it was for when like it was court ordered that, you know, me, me and my two sisters two older sisters that come from that same dad and
iPhone: We then after that we would see him every other weekend I was home in Sacramento, which for us was about an hour and a half. Drive. So every other weekend would see him.
iPhone: I don't have a strong relationship with my dad. Um, when I was 10 he moved to Ohio, he has another family at two sons and a new life and you move to Ohio.
iPhone: And I probably seen him five times since then and but and then back going back my stepfather.
iPhone: Was in the picture. Basically, since I was like probably four or five, and as far as I can remember, he was just always an extremist and
iPhone: When I was a kid, the punishments were just always very extremist in the like verbal abuse kind of was always very extreme and very and, like, kind of, I don't know, like human humiliating, kind of like, like, one thing I remember is like
iPhone: being spanked in front of my whole neighborhood like like there but like outside was like four or five like. So that's the kind of guy he was. And from there, who is my home.
iPhone: Home like from like late elementary school, all the way through high school, I mean it was just, I was always, I was kind of like the punching bag of just like you know just tore mouths always grounded. I was like, you know, like stay in my room, no TV, no music no like
iPhone: You know, just like grounded always and kind of everybody in the in the family kind of knew that like I was kind of like
iPhone: The punch you in, especially with my brother, because my brother is my step, Father, Son, which I love them, like my full brother, I would never consider him less, but, um, there was so and then there was, um, me and my sisters my oldest sister Megan me and her
iPhone: We're very, we're very close, very close, growing up and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We
iPhone: We just you know love each other what you know laughable lie and
iPhone: And she's a psychiatric nurse in San Francisco. Now, and ever since this this
iPhone: Action is kind of come up. I mean, she and I were just like haven't heard from her haven't
iPhone: She's talked to me she was there at my house, my birthdays. Two days after Christmas, so she ended up being at my house and we went went out to breakfast with my mom. But I mean,
iPhone: She just, I mean, it was, it was weird. So I just don't know what's going on with that. That's kind of like a turmoil. I'm dealing with, I don't understand why if she is mad at me or something but but ok so growing up.
iPhone: My stepfather was extremely alcoholic and addicted to opiates like Vicodin and Percocet and I'm there was
iPhone: A lot of violent incidences just growing up like elementary school, middle school, all I just constantly remember like at nighttime. I mean, they're just be
iPhone: Like just constantly screaming, yelling fighting. I'm sure my mom was anti antagonizing him. He's antagonists, where there's like bottles thrown smashing them was, I can hear you now. And there was a one in like it got physical a couple of times, but one specific incidents.
iPhone: My brother. I was like I was 13 I just turned 13 and my brother came running into my room and he's like dad to mom dad's him mom. And so I go out to the kitchen and I had a little hunting knife that my grandfather gave me and
iPhone: My mom was like standing like she was on her knees in front of him. And he was just beating down like on her like with his fists, so I
iPhone: GRABBED THE KNIFE. And I just held I held it to him and I you know I just, it's like kind of like a blackout of just craziness. But, I mean, I was like, like I'm gonna
iPhone: kill you if you like. I'm gonna, I'm like, stop. Like, and I had stopped him and then after that, the violence didn't really happen anymore. After that, but
iPhone: Yeah, and that was so that's that's a good example of what the dynamic was in my childhood.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's a definitely high stress environment for for any kid, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's funny because you've already answered the rest of the family dynamic questions was there alcohol abuse or drug abuse or you know anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you've already answered the rest of coast.
iPhone: And yeah, not one point when I was
iPhone: Basically, once I at the point that I can remember when I really got into it like when it was like like that, it becomes a schedule of
iPhone: purchasing the jokes and taking the jokes any purchasing was when my step father when I was 18 started asking me
iPhone: To because I knew people and they would sell me like large amounts of painkillers and so I would. That's how I kind of got until I just, yeah. You know, you know what I mean, that's kind of how the cycle started like
iPhone: Yeah, and it was a total he, you know, it was like a secret, like, you know, it's kind of like he would tell me a leap it somewhere in the garage. And in a way, it was kind of a way to get him to stop like messing with the gate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are they still together.
No.
iPhone: No for divorce. That was another crazy situation that's just, I don't think, like, you know, I don't think we have time for the when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were kind of drug through with them with your mom.
iPhone: Oh yeah, I was in the court. I did you know test by like against like his behavior because of just how difficult. He made the whole process.
iPhone: He took everything from me and my brother, who is his son and my mom moved into like a very like tiny crappy apartment in town and like you know he took the house he, you know, there was no support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going back a little bit further. How was school for you. And did you graduate high school, did you have any learning disabilities that kind of
iPhone: I I graduated high school I was diagnosed with a DD when I was like 15 but you know I think I do have a DD just not now. I like. And I think you know the difference between like ADHD and a DD, like I think my mind, is it. It was really hard for me to to focus and
iPhone: I think I I've analyzed it a lot in my what I think is that my household was insane. I mean it was just insanity and constantly in school was a place where like there was
iPhone: Rules that everybody had to be had to fall in there. And I mean that their structure and I just kind of took that as an
iPhone: I didn't, it didn't like, go with me. I wasn't getting good grades. I was, I was like, finally, relax, and I can have a little fun like and I would, you know, I, you know, so I was definitely, I wasn't like
iPhone: Like it like me or anything to teachers or people, but I was kind of a clown at school and would mess around.
iPhone: And I didn't
iPhone: Graduate yeah I graduated yeah I in my last two years. I really like got together and I like you know graduated with like in like the three points something GPA is but because I knew I needed to graduate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we haven't gone went into the military.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any legal issues.
iPhone: No, no real legal issues at one point I I GOT MY DRIVER'S LICENSE TAKEN AWAY BECAUSE OF
iPhone: It was a non non moving violation, who was basically like a parking ticket or no no it was because I didn't have my registration and I was just, I was like 19 and I didn't know how to handle it. And they eventually got to the point where, you know, and I mean they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: I was supposed to show up and I didn't. And so I just had to pay a really big fine that took me a long time to pay off. But that's the only TROUBLE, I'VE EVER HAD WITH THE LAW.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any financial stressors for your for you right now.
iPhone: Yeah, I mean, I'm not making
iPhone: A lot of money. Fortunately, I do live with my mom and her boyfriend and like, and he's he's great, he's fun like he's you know he I'm very fortunate to be able to live here. I do have to pay a small amount of rent and
iPhone: I've car came in and
iPhone: I have to pay for insurance now because I just turned 26 and I'm not making a lot of money, but I'm just, I'm, I'm really trying to and i and i and I've been really enjoying trying to just
iPhone: Like love myself and like, I'm going to the gym, like every day and trying to, like, just like take care of me as much as I can. And I'm just, I'm a little stressed on like if I take on a second job. I feel like I'm going to lose that time that I need for myself. I'm, I'm working
iPhone: As a real estate assistant right now. And I think that could, you know, get a, get a raise and gets more hours if I, you know, produce a little more. So I think I might just try to focus on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
iPhone: But the financial stress is that, that's my financial stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, anything that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you think I forgot to ask and that you think it's important for us to know about you.
iPhone: Know, no. I mean, I think I like what I painted a picture for you. That's very broad and that has so many little details, dude. You know what I mean. I gotta do this and like they're like, you know, so now I don't think there's anything really missing there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you did a great job. I just want to tell you that
iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, definitely given me you know history without fine details, you know, can be hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially when you grow, you know, grew up in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what it is, while you're working with Bret Hart that you want to get out of treatment.
iPhone: I would
iPhone: I
iPhone: Well, it's like being by
iPhone: Being technical you guys supply me with medication that helped me, you know, live my best life at the moment and be able to to work on myself and
iPhone: I and perfectly, you know, fine. And like happy to, like, do a little group session if we have, you know, talk about how we feel like we did the first time earlier this weekend.
iPhone: I want to
iPhone: I will like have your guys's support to learn how to live a healthy life and deal with
iPhone: Stress and in a healthy way and deal with
iPhone: Challenges in a healthy way and
iPhone: Just
iPhone: Happen, you know, have, like, have the support to just try to be the best person that can be because I've just always felt like
iPhone: There, there's definitely been a system in my life that's been, you know, there's that you know no one's like looking out for my best interest. They may say they are, but they have so much crap going on their lives that they couldn't think, you know, look out for.
iPhone: Us so
iPhone: I think so. Yeah, I think that's my answer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you did a great job answering that, by the way.
Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you currently seeing that their best.
iPhone: No i really i i'm going to do that by the end of this week I'm going to
iPhone: Find out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're going to get it.
iPhone: Sorry, I just got a new insurance company. So I have to find out who's the who the therapists are approved by. And I also want to find
iPhone: A therapist that could, you know, really benefit me. I think I'm going to focus on really trying to find a therapist that will will benefit me because I know that it can. They're very much by, you know, personality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A therapist that is trauma informed to help you walk through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of your travel stuff. Definitely with me a good idea.
iPhone: That's the most important for me is that because sometimes it just feels like it's like it. Obviously it's living without like you know
iPhone: Being high constantly. It's just made. It's made me realize the reason why I did that is because, like, you know, the, it's the, you know, trauma and memories that are so you know
iPhone: Like so sharp and they come up so abruptly that it's like I you know I just feel swallowed by them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, so let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you going to look for a therapist in your area.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I think that would be the best idea. Do you have
iPhone: Any ideas or reason for asking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, well, yeah, because you can certainly engage in therapy through bright heart to
iPhone: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know you're already engaged in the mat program. It's easy for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be able to have a therapist to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So letting you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is an option for you.
Okay.
iPhone: So that would work. Kind of like exactly what we're doing now and I would have a therapy appointment and it would just be how we're doing now. Okay.
Um, yeah.
iPhone: That's good. And, um, do you guys have any
iPhone: Buddy, like on staff who does specifically deal with like trauma.
iPhone: And stuff like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we all kind of do, but there is definitely one staff member. I know that works specifically with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trauma and she uses em Dr for it, which is a good way to help results and
iPhone: What is that funny memories.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I movement. It's Hold on, let me give you the exact
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: exact word for it.
iPhone: I think I've heard something about this before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I movement decent desensitization. I can't say that word.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And read
Reprocessing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: enables people to heal from the symptoms and emotional distress that are a result of disturbing life experiences.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, I'm just trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: availability for the therapist that does it, and maybe
iPhone: You'd be able to connect you with her to be able to do IP.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me reach out and get connected with her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you to connected so that you can hopefully engage in some some therapy in that manner.
iPhone: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Does that sound like a plan.
iPhone: Yeah, that sounds like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your BIOS X complete was pretty simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it was simple isn't it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me do that. And then I will let you know when I see you in group. What I found out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll just kind of get will. Okay. And we'll just kind of go from there. But I do think that that would be a good therapy for you at this point.
iPhone: Yeah, that sounds like something I would definitely willing to try. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let's do that. And I will let you know when I see you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Does it sound like a plan.
iPhone: Yeah, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, so I'm gonna let you go. And I'm going to shoot out emails to my supervisor and get that information together and get it going for you. All right.
iPhone: All right. And I'm so, so I always do this with people and
iPhone: Now, I won't forget because I'm putting to the situation. What is, what is your name again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Becca back
iPhone: Okay, see now it's going to be in my head because I had to ask question. Okay, I just want to make sure. Thank you so much. Becca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no problem. And I will let you know what I find out. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Jason, you have a great weekend.
iPhone: And I'll see your group. Yeah.
iPhone: You do.
iPhone: Alright.
iPhone: Have a good night. Bye.
Bye.